# Security Policy

Our extension requires very limited permissions, only to YouTube and ImprovedTube sites. While on YouTube, we don't log anything you visit, click, or view. If you are an ImprovedTube Plus user, every few days a small request is made to ImprovedTube to verify your product key. No personal information is sent. When contacting ImprovedTube through our site, we add extra details about the extension to the message to help us resolve problems quickly. This information includes the extension version number, extension settings, and the date you installed the extension.

## Contacting Us
When contacting us, all information you insert into the form is sent to us. Your e-mail and information you provide will only by used by ImprovedTube. We do not sell your information or give it away. When contacting us through our website we include your IP address, user-agent, and extension debug information inside the message. This information greatly helps us resolve bugs with the extension and website. The IP address in the message is required when you report issues with our website. We compare the IP address to the website logs to see exactly what went wrong when you visited our site. The user-agent is useful when fixing site and extension problems because it provides information about the web browser you are using, allowing us to determine if the problem is browser specific. Finally the extension debug information is basic information about the extension. This data includes what version of the extension you are running, the settings you have active, the date and time the extension was installed and if you are an ImprovedTube Plus user. This information is used to help us solve bugs with our extension quickly by being able to replicate the same settings you use. The information that is included doesn't contain any personal data and only shows data about the extension.
